stream: add iterator helper some every (#41573)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.toArray([options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `options` {Object}
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows cancelling the toArray operation if the
    signal is aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise containing an array (if the stream is in
  object mode) or Buffer with the contents of the stream.

This method allows easily obtaining the contents of a stream. If the
stream is in [object mode][object-mode] an array of its contents is returned.
If the stream is not in object mode a Buffer containing its data is returned.

As this method reads the entire stream into memory, it negates the benefits of
streams. It's intended for interoperability and convenience, not as the primary
way to consume streams.

```mjs
import { Readable } from 'stream';
import { Resolver } from 'dns/promises';

await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).toArray(); // [1, 2, 3, 4]

// Make dns queries concurrently using .map and collect

> // the results into an aray using toArray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// the results into an array using toArray
```

      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to `true` if `fn` returned a truthy
    value for some of the chunks.

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.some` and calls `fn` on each chunk
in the stream until one item returns true (or any truthy value). Once an `fn`
call on a chunk returns a truthy value the stream is destroyed and the promise
is fulfilled with `true`. If none of the `fn` calls on the chunks return a
truthy value the promise is fulfilled with `false`.

```mjs
import { Readable } from 'stream';
import { stat } from 'fs/promises';

// With a synchronous predicate.
await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).some((x) => x > 2); // true
await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).some((x) => x < 0); // false

// With an asynchronous predicate, making at most 2 file checks at a time.
const anyBigFile = await Readable.from([
  'file1',
  'file2',
  'file3',

> ]).map(async (fileName) => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
]).some(async (fileName) => {
```

  const stats = await stat(fileName);
  return stat.size > 1024 * 1024;
}, { concurrency: 2 });
console.log(anyBigFile); // `true` if any file in the list is bigger than 1MB
console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.every(fn[, options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `fn` {Function|AsyncFunction} a function to call on each item of the stream.
  * `data` {any} a chunk of data from the stream.
  * `options` {Object}
    * `signal` {AbortSignal} aborted if the stream is destroyed allowing to
      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to `true` if `fn` returned a truthy

>     value for some of the chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    value for all of the chunks.
```

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.every` and calls `fn` on each chunk
in the stream to check if they all return a truthy value for `fn`. Once an `fn`
call on a chunk returns a falsy value the stream is destroyed and the promise
is fulfilled with `false`. If all of the `fn` calls on the chunks return a
truthy value the promise is fulfilled with `true`.

```mjs
import { Readable } from 'stream';
import { stat } from 'fs/promises';

// With a synchronous predicate.
await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).every((x) => x > 2); // false
await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).every((x) => x > 0); // true

// With an asynchronous predicate, making at most 2 file checks at a time.
const allBigFiles = await Readable.from([
  'file1',
  'file2',
  'file3',

> ]).map(async (fileName) => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
]).every(async (fileName) => {
```

}, { concurrency: 2 }).toArray();
```

### `readable.some(fn[, options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `fn` {Function|AsyncFunction} a function to call on each item of the stream.
  * `data` {any} a chunk of data from the stream.
  * `options` {Object}
    * `signal` {AbortSignal} aborted if the stream is destroyed allowing to
      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to `true` if `fn` returned a truthy
  value for some of the chunks.

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.some` and calls `fn` on each chunk

> in the stream until one item returns true (or any truthy value). Once an `fn`
> call on a chunk returns a truthy value the stream is destroyed and the promise

Reviewer 3: Same here, the `one item returns true` part is not quite accurate
```suggestion
in the stream until the awaited return value is `true` (or any truthy value). Once an `fn`
call on a chunk awaited return value is truthy, the stream is destroyed and the promise
```

is fulfilled with `true`. If none of the `fn` calls on the chunks return a
truthy value the promise is fulfilled with `false`.

```mjs
import { Readable } from 'stream';
import { stat } from 'fs/promises';

// With a synchronous predicate.
await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).some((x) => x > 2); // true
await Readable.from([1, 2, 3, 4]).some((x) => x < 0); // false

// With an asynchronous predicate, making at most 2 file checks at a time.
const anyBigFile = await Readable.from([
  'file1',
  'file2',
  'file3',
]).map(async (fileName) => {
  const stats = await stat(fileName);
  return stat.size > 1024 * 1024;
}, { concurrency: 2 });

> console.log(anyBigFile); // `true` if any file in the list is bigger than 1MB

Reviewer 4: nit
```suggestion
console.log(anyBigFile); // `true` if any file in the list is bigger than 1MiB
```

Author: Wondering if I should change it to 1000 * 1000 and keep MB though I think either are fine

console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.every(fn[, options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `fn` {Function|AsyncFunction} a function to call on each item of the stream.
  * `data` {any} a chunk of data from the stream.
  * `options` {Object}
    * `signal` {AbortSignal} aborted if the stream is destroyed allowing to
      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to `true` if `fn` returned a truthy
  value for all of the chunks.

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.every` and calls `fn` on each chunk

> in the stream to check if they all return a truthy value for `fn`. Once an `fn`
> call on a chunk returns a falsy value the stream is destroyed and the promise

Reviewer 3: `Promise.resolve(false)` is truthy, so this description can be confusing.
```suggestion
in the stream to check if all awaited return values are truthy value for `fn`. Once an `fn`
call on a chunk awaited return value is falsy, the stream is destroyed and the promise
```

}, { concurrency: 2 }).toArray();
```

### `readable.some(fn[, options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `fn` {Function|AsyncFunction} a function to call on each item of the stream.
  * `data` {any} a chunk of data from the stream.
  * `options` {Object}
    * `signal` {AbortSignal} aborted if the stream is destroyed allowing to
      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to `true` if `fn` returned a truthy

>   value for some of the chunks.

Reviewer 3: Wording is from https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/some.
```suggestion
  value for at least one of the chunks.
```

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.some` and calls `fn` on each chunk
in the stream until the awaited return value is `true` (or any truthy value).
Once an `fn` call on a chunk awaited return value is truthy, the stream is
destroyed and the promise is fulfilled with `true`. If none of the `fn`

> calls on the chunks return a truthy value the promise is fulfilled with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
calls on the chunks return a truthy value, the promise is fulfilled with
```

  return stat.size > 1024 * 1024;
}, { concurrency: 2 });
console.log(anyBigFile); // `true` if any file in the list is bigger than 1MB
console.log('done'); // Stream has finished
```

### `readable.every(fn[, options])`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* `fn` {Function|AsyncFunction} a function to call on each item of the stream.
  * `data` {any} a chunk of data from the stream.
  * `options` {Object}
    * `signal` {AbortSignal} aborted if the stream is destroyed allowing to
      abort the `fn` call early.
* `options` {Object}
  * `concurrency` {number} the maximum concurrent invocation of `fn` to call
    on the stream at once. **Default:** `1`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} allows destroying the stream if the signal is
    aborted.
* Returns: {Promise} a promise evaluating to `true` if `fn` returned a truthy
  value for all of the chunks.

This method is similar to `Array.prototype.every` and calls `fn` on each chunk
in the stream to check if all awaited return values are truthy value for `fn`.
Once an `fn` call on a chunk awaited return value is falsy, the stream is
destroyed and the promise is fulfilled with `false`. If all of the `fn` calls

> on the chunks return a truthy value the promise is fulfilled with `true`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
on the chunks return a truthy value, the promise is fulfilled with `true`.
```
